A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
RESCUE PLANS - IV
[sighs]
[Jack growls]
[ice crunching]
[breathing heavily]
That's enough.
-Don't hurt him.
-[Shail and Jack] Huh?
I will go with you.
What?
No, Victoria, that's not a good idea.
But first, you must let Alsan go.
[Kirtash smirks] Hmm.
-[Jack] No, wait! You can't do this!
-[Shail growls]
-Victoria!
-[she gasps]
Shail, wait!
No!
-[loud boom]
-[Elrion gasps]
[Elrion sighs]
[Elrion grunts]
[Kirtash smirks] Hmm.
Hey, why are you so happy?
They have escaped.
Yes, that's true,
but they have revealed many things to me.
They have taken the staff.
We will get it back.
After all...
we have something they want
and they will do anything to get it back.
-[loud boom]
-[Jack] No!
What have you done?
It was only Kirtash and the magician,
we could have done something.
Like what, Jack?
[sighs] We could have fought instead of
abandoning Alsan in Kirtash's hands.
He would have captured all of us.
It wasn't an easy decision,
but, in that moment,
it had to be done and you know it.
The Yan betrayed us.
I should have seen it coming.
What are we going to do now?
We must rescue Alsan.
But that's exactly
what Kirtash is expecting us to do,
and that is precisely
why we can't play into his hands.
What?
Alsan would rather die before seeing
the downfall of the Resistance.
The Resistance?
But if there are only three of us,
why didn't they send more people
to help fight against Kirtash?
[sighs] I have the feeling
that this mission is doomed to fail.
Tell him everything, Shail.
He deserves to know.
Yes.
-Know what?
-[Shail] Come. Sit down.
Do you remember how all of the dragons
and unicorns were exterminated
on the night
that the serpents invaded Idhun?
Yes.
The Soul showed it to me in a vision.
They died because of the alignment
conjured up by Ashran the Necromancer.
[dramatic music playing]
Exactly. And you never wondered why?
Was there a reason?
Yes. The prophecy.
[Shail] The Oracles foresaw
the return of the serpents,
and with them,
the arrival of a new dark age in Idhun.
[shrieking roars]
They also foretold
that just one dragon and one unicorn
would be able to stop Ashran.
[Victoria]
And that's why he killed them all.
Not all of them.
And that's where we come in.
[birds chirping]
[Shail] That night,
I was in the forest of Alis Lithban
reinvigorating my magic
when it all began.
-[faint rumbling]
-[Shail] Huh?
[electrical crackling]
[loud explosion]
[wings fluttering]
[shrieking roar]
[Shail panting]
[groaning]
Huh?
Oh, no!
[Shail] That deadly alignment was killing
all of the unicorns in the forest.
I had never seen anything like it.
Magician, come! We need you!
[Shail panting]
[leaves rustling]
Huh?
Oh!
[Shail] It was a very young female,
perhaps just born recently.
You must do whatever you can to save her.
It's the only unicorn left.
If she dies,
there will be no more magic in the world.
[fairy] Take her far away from here
quickly, before it's too late.
[Shail] I decided to call her Lunnaris,
which means "The Bearer of Magic".
In Kazlunn Tower,
I found out that the dragons
were also being wiped out.
But luckily,
Alsan had saved the last of their kind.
It was a baby dragon
that he named Yandrak.
When I found Lunnaris,
I had unintentionally become a hero.
The magicians decided
to send them to a safe place
where the light of the alignment
would not reach them.
But there was no such place in Idhun,
so they opened an interdimensional gate...
and they sent them to Earth.
Later, when the stars returned to normal,
Alsan and I volunteered
to bring them back to Idhun,
but the interdimensional gate
closed behind us
and we couldn't reopen it.
Why not?
Because Ashran
had already seized control of the gate,
and ever since then,
we have been trapped here.
[Shail] We have been searching
for the dragon and the unicorn
for three years,
but Earth is a very large world.
We know that they are alive
because Kirtash is still looking for them
to kill them.
Kirtash? But... I...
I thought that he had come to Earth
to kill exiled magicians.
Yes, they are also on his list.
Kirtash tracks them down for clues
to where the dragon and unicorn might be,
but he kills the magicians
when they are of no use to him
because Ashran considers them rebels
and has ordered their execution.
[Jack sighs]
You already knew all of this,
didn't you, Victoria?
Yes.
And also...
as I am a half-magician,
I must have seen a unicorn
at some point in my life,
even though I was born on Earth.
So, I have seen Lunnaris,
but I don't remember.
[Jack sighs]
Since the staff was created
by the unicorns,
we thought it could lead us to Lunnaris
and, undoubtedly, Kirtash thinks the same.
That's why it's so important
that we keep it far away from him.
-[Shail] We should rest a little.
-Hmm?
Afterwards, with clearer heads,
we will devise a plan to rescue Alsan.
There's no way
we will just abandon him, Jack.
I promise.
[animal growling]
[snarling bark]
-[Alsan breathing heavily]
-[shackles clattering]
What's this?
[snarling]
[Elrion]
I see that you have become friends.
What do you want with me?
[Elrion] We are going to do an experiment.
It's not a big deal
if it doesn't work out,
because you will die anyway.
[chuckles]
But if it does work,
it will be bad news
for the other renegades
to find out that the leader
of their pathetic Resistance
has joined our ranks.
In your dreams.
[Kirtash] So, you would use my most
valuable prisoner as your guinea pig.
It's just a necromancy experiment.
It's not important.
I've already seen
what happened to the others,
and I know what you're after...
[wolf whimpers]
...but it seems to me that
you don't understand the consequences.
[Elrion] This time,
it will definitely work, Kirtash.
I know now how to solve--
[Kirtash] No.
It never works.
Do as you please,
but if he dies or escapes on your watch...
you will pay with your life.
I can assure you
that I wouldn't like to be in your shoes.
-[shackles clattering]
-[wolf snarling]
[Shail] This is an old Medieval fortress
in Germany.
It is being protected
by a very powerful camouflage spell
so that no one can get near to it.
This is where
they are keeping Alsan prisoner,
but it is being very closely watched.
It will be very hard to get inside.
Watched? By whom?
[Shail] By the Szishes.
They are part of Ashran's army.
There are dozens of them
guarding the fortress.
Ugh! I hate serpents.
How will we manage to get inside?
I can disguise myself as one of them
using a camouflage spell.
You both need to distract them
so that I can sneak inside undetected.
You and Victoria can create
a much better distraction with your magic.
Meanwhile, I'll rescue Alsan.
No, it's too dangerous.
-You can't go in there unarmed--
-[Jack] I won't be unarmed.
It's time that I try out
one of the legendary swords.
Alsan would have wanted
to give you the sword himself.
He told me that he had chosen one for you.
[faint echoing whispers]
[Shail] Not that one, Jack.
Did you hear me?
You'll burn yourself if you touch it.
-[whispers continue]
-Jack, stop!
[Jack groaning]
[sighs] I like this sword.
[stutters] It's... impossible.
I'll never look like an idiot
in front of Kirtash again.
But first,
I need to train with it a little.
Ah, hey, Shail, when I wasn't here,
how did Alsan use to train?
Well, he would-- You see...
-Mm, okay, follow me.
-[Jack] Hmm.
[grunting]
[Shail pants]
-Be more careful.
-I'm sorry.
I still don't think this is a good idea.
What other option do we have, Shail?
[Shail] This is what I wanted to show you.
It's just a suit of armor.
Wrong.
[high-pitched hum]
-[armor clanking]
-[Jack] Hey!
How did you get it to move on its own?
It's an automat, a mechanical device.
I just give it the energy it needs to work
and it fights like a Nurgon knight.
Great!
Well, let's try it out.
On guard!
[armor clanking]
[Shail] Jack, be careful!
[Jack yelling]
[Jack grunts]
-[Shail gasps]
-[metal clattering]
[Jack panting softly]
[sighs] I'm sorry.
I didn't mean for that to happen.
To learn to use it,
you must first control your power.
[Jack] How?
The sword always responds to your will.
If you get carried away by your emotions,
all its force is unleashed.
That's not a bad thing, is it?
[Shail] If you release so much power,
you might not be able to control it
and may run out of energy too soon.
Got it.
Ha!
Wait. What are you doing?
I want to learn to control this sword.
Alsan needs me and I won't fail him again.
Hmm.
[Jack grunts]
[ferocious snarling]
[shackles clank]
Enough already.
What do you hope to achieve by this?
[Elrion] You see this creature?
It has a spirit that keeps it alive
and makes it what it is.
Through the art of necromancy,
I can transfer that spirit
to another body...
like yours, for example.
After that, your soul will remain subject
to the spirit of the animal.
You will get its strength, its ferocity,
its senses, and its savage instinct,
and, of course,
you will be under our control.
Never! I won't allow it.
And how do you think you can stop me?
-[wolf snarling]
-[Alsan grumbles]
[sighs]
[whirring sound]
[Shail] Huh?
[disapproving sigh]
[staff's power surging]
-[Shail] Vic, wait!
-[thunderous crash]
[Victoria] I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to do that.
The staff didn't generate
that much power before.
Because you were in the desert.
Here, the staff can channel more energy.
It's not the same.
What were you trying to do?
Learn how to use it.
It's a powerful weapon
and we need it to rescue Alsan.
[Shail groans]
No, don't do it. It's too dangerous.
It would be better if you stay here
and try to find Lunnaris.
I understand.
Kirtash wants to get his hands
on the staff again.
Victoria,
Kirtash doesn't just want the staff -
he wants you, too.
Do you remember what I told you
when I first brought you to Limbhad?
Yes, you said that you would protect me.
Yes, and that's exactly
what I am going to do.
But I'm not staying at home this time.
Now, I have the chance to fight
for the people I care about.
I want to fight for you all,
for Alsan, for Jack and for you, too.
Alright then.
You will need to keep practicing.
In the meantime, I'll go see
how Jack is getting on with his new sword.
Wait.
I have tried using the staff
to locate Lunnaris,
but I can't find her.
It's as though she wasn't here.
I'm sorry.
I don't know how to do it.
[chuckles softly] Listen to me, Vic,
just do everything you can.
I'm very proud of you.
We will find Yandrak and Lunnaris.
You'll see.
And we will rescue Alsan,
you can be sure of that.
Do you know what? I turn 13 today.
Wow. Holy moly, you're so grown up.
We will celebrate as soon as we can, okay?
Don't treat me like a little girl.
I know it's not a big deal,
but even so, I wanted to tell someone.
Do you know what this is?
They call them, "unicorn tears".
They say that they help
to develop magic and intuition.
[Victoria] It's lovely.
It was given to me
by one of my older brothers
when I joined the Order of Magic,
and now, I want you to have it.
What?
But... Shail, I can't accept that.
Please.
It's my gift to you.
Happy birthday, Vic.
I'm sure you will do great things
and I hope I'm there to...
see it.
Thank you very much.
It's the best birthday present
that I've ever received.
I won't let you down.
[roaring]
[roaring stops]
[thud]
[Elrion] Mm...
[Alsan gasps]
[Alsan groaning in agony]
[Elrion chuckles]
[Alsan yells]
[pained cry]
[Alsan growling]
[snarling]
[Shail] There's something you both need
to know about the legendary weapons...
and it's that they were forged
to be wielded by true heroes.
Only those who are destined for greatness
are worthy of holding them.
That's what the legends say.
At important times,
someone always appears
who is destined to be a hero.
Perhaps, they are not expecting it,
nor did they want the responsibility.
That's what happened to Ayshel
and, in a way,
that's what happened to me and Alsan, too.
Maybe we already fulfilled our mission
by taking the dragon
and the unicorn to Kazlunn Tower.
If we should fall in this battle,
you both will be the future
of the Resistance.
I'm ready,
but I'm counting on you and Alsan
to be by our side when this is all over.
The time has come.
Soul, take us to Kirtash's castle.
Alsan awaits us.
This shouldn't be happening.
I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
-[Kirtash] Enough.
-[Elrion gasps]
You've already had your fun.
I was just about to get it.
Not in your wildest dreams, Elrion.
Don't try to imitate Ashran...
because you're nowhere near as talented
and you know it.
You should also know
that this necromancy spell
can't be pulled off by just anyone.
-[shackles rattle]
-[Alsan growling]
It could have been worse.
I assure you...
much worse.
Lock him up with the rest
and keep an eye on him.
It won't be long
before the Resistance arrive.
[continues growling]
[electrical crackling]
[loud boom]
Go quickly before anyone can--
-Shh! Quiet. Do you hear that?
-[hissing]
[Jack and Victoria grunt]
[Szish hiss and snarl]
[Alsan groans]
[growls]
[Alsan snarling]
[hissing]
[growls] Who are you?
[hissing sneer]
Hello and welcome to our clan.
[Jack] They are attacking!
[both grunting]
-[Szish moans]
-[Victoria] Jack, behind you!
-[Jack grunts]
-[Szish yelps]
[Jack] Well done!
Watch out!
[hissing and snarling]
[Shail grunts]
[Shail breathless] It was just
the patrol guards. More will come soon.
Let's go. We must rescue Alsan.
[guttural cries]
You will stop suffering when you reach
an understanding with the invading spirit.
Then you will become a hybrid creature
like me.
[hisses]
[Alsan breathing heavily]
[all panting]
Think of a Szish
and keep that image in your mind.
[Victoria giggling]
You had better not look at yourself
in a mirror, Jack.
[Jack] Mm-hmm.
It's hard for me
to believe it's really you.
Be very careful, okay?
I will return alive and with Alsan.
Ready?
You have the staff
so we can be sure
that Kirtash will come after you.
We must hold him off
until Jack gets Alsan out of the castle.
-[Szishes snarling]
-[Shail] Okay?
[Szish] Hmm.
Hmm.
[dramatic music]
Don't let anyone inside.
Absolutely no one.
[hissing] Sir... just now,
a strange Szish passed by here.
His body was giving off a lot of heat.
[Victoria panting and grunting]
[Szish groans]
Where is Kirtash?
Why doesn't he come for the staff?
-[loud explosions]
-[Szishes groaning]
Do you think he has discovered Jack?
I hope not. [grunts]
A magic shield!
Elrion?
It could be,
but I've hardly any strength left.
-Huh?
-Don't worry, leave it to me.
The staff's energy never runs out.
[Jack whispers] Alsan... Alsan?
Alsan.
Where are they holding Alsan?
[Jack grunts]
[swords clang]
[Kirtash] Huh?
[Jack grunting] We meet again.
[Jack yells]
[Jack grunting]
[grunting continues]
[Jack yelling]
[Jack panting heavily]
You're finished.
[ethereal music]